We're headed into a similar event as the BLAST Premier Fall Finals, so what do you expect for G2 here? Not much time has gone by, so what are your expectations at this event?

This event is kind of like a gift for us because I don't think we deserve to be here after the results we had in the last couple of months. We put in a lot of practice since we lost at the RMR. The last event didn't go well for us and we lost a close game to Heroic, who won the event. Okay, we lost to the winner, but we're not thinking like that. We worked a lot, practiced a lot, and we're just trying to be better than we were during the last couple of months. We'll try our best, but no expectations, we're going step by step. We have a game against FaZe tomorrow and we're just thinking about that.

Are you comfortable here, what's the pressure like to finish the season strong?

Yeah, we feel comfortable, of course. We can't put more pressure on ourselves that we had already. We're playing for G2 so everyone expects results and we have a lot of fans, as well. This is the last event of the season and we need to try our best, do our best, and see how we will finish before we prepare as best we can for the next season.

Looking at past years before COVID, the second half of the year was packed with events. This year it was a long Pro League, the Major and its qualifiers, and two BLAST events. There's not that much to play or travel to. Do you think that harms teams that make changes in the summer and are not able to play enough, especially those not going deep into tournaments?

I fully agree with you, that affects a lot. As you said, people that made changes, like us, we changed two players and IGL, so we need experience playing officials. We practiced a lot, but it's not the same feeling playing practices and playing official games. A couple of days ago we said that we needed to play more online events, whatever they are, because you improve the best when you play officials and when you're at events. It doesn't matter if it's LAN, online, but we need more events.