You're back at LAN and ready to play again, what's it like for you to have this opportunity?

I said it to the boys when we had a talk, this is actually an unreal feeling and I'm really, really excited for this tournament. I can feel it in my chest. I can feel the pressure, but I know that I'm a good player and I know that I will do well here. It's an incredible feeling and it's been a long time since I had this fire inside of me.

You haven't played in the past couple of months, so how have you been keeping in shape and how do you feel on an individual level?

To be honest, my individual level feels like it went up a lot. I've played FACEIT, surf, KZ, DM, just trying to keep my individual skill as high up as possible. Of course you don't want to spend too much time in front of the monitor just doing those things and you need to focus on demos and watch other people play to innovate yourself a little bit, but I feel pretty fucking good to be honest.

My individual level feels like it went up a lot
Kristian "⁠k0nfig⁠" Wienecke
Talking about innovation, we have a fresh patch. Have you had time to play around with that? What are your thoughts on the M4 changes and Anubis?

I feel like the M4 change has given me a bit of a buff, I feel like I was pretty bad with the silenced M4. I don't know why, it's so easy to use, but the M4A4 is better for me so I feel like I got a buff on CT and also a buff on T because now you don't get laser-beamed as much without having a clue where it's from and you have time to react. I've played Anubis on FACEIT a couple of times, I feel like it's a fun map, it's different. There are a lot of up-and-down angles, there's water and all of that stuff. It's a pretty good, well-connected map, it feels like it just needs a little bit of a change and it will become a really, really competitive map.

How has the preparation been with Heroic? Have you had time to practice with them and run through things? Are you a one-for-one with stavn?

The preparation and the practice have been really good, they've given me a lot of tips and tricks and they're showing me how to do the different things that they need me to do to still be Heroic. I don't want to change their style too much because Heroic's style is Heroic's style. It just feels good, to be honest, I've been put in, given all of these things, and I have to work with them. I have a stratbook, so I feel like I'm set.